cli: Use program length for deployments instead of 2x length (#34730)
solana-labs/solana: CHANGELOG.md

  * Bigtable upload now includes entry summary data for each slot, stored in a
    new `entries` table
  * Forbid multiple values for the `--signer` CLI flag, forcing users to specify multiple occurrences of `--signer`, one for each signature
  * New program deployments default to the exact size of a program, instead of

>     double the size. Programs must be extended with `solana program extend` to
>     accommodate a larger program before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    double the size. Program accounts must be extended with `solana program extend`
    before an upgrade if they need to accommodate larger programs.
```

Author: Done!
